"The need for uniformity is a sign of insecurity on the part of management." – Tom deMarco
"If you can avoid to write the code, nobody will ever have to change it." - Alex Fürstenau
"People won’t tell you what they think until they believe you care about what they think." -@Leadershipfreak
"I spent a decade learning to make things better. Next, I’m going to try to learn to make better things." - @paulklipp
"Your head is for having ideas not holding them!" – @gtdguy
"Resolution: This year I will focus more on making my code easier for others to read as opposed to easier for me to write." -@unclebobmartin
"… plans are useless, but planning is indispensable." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys." -James Goldsmith
"Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they've started." - @gtdguy
"Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want." -Randy Pausch
"The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner." - Jim Highsmith
"What's worse than failure? Succeeding at what doesn't matter." -@Leadershipfreak
"Things  to brighten my work day: 1) Something learned2) Something done3) Someone helped" -@tottinge
"It is never the size of your problem that is the problem. It’s a lack of momentum." - John Maxwell
"Too many people are trying to find the right person instead of being the right person." - @ILLUMlNATI
"The primary skill of senior engineers is to train junior engineers. If you're senior with no junior around, you're not senior." -@alrs
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be." -Douglas Adams
"If you get too focussed on the number of Story Points you might just miss the Point of the Story" -@cgosimon
"Of caus I don’t look busy. I did it right the first time." –Unknown
"Never dismiss a good idea because of poor execution" –Jason Fried
"If you want people motivated to do a good job, give them a good job to do."  -Frederick Herzberg
"The difference between a boss and a leader: A boss says, 'Go!', a leader says, 'Let's go!'" -E. M. Kelly
"Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do." - Benjamin Franklin
"I have learned that my total organismic sensing of a situation is more trustworthy than my intellect." -Carl Rogers
"Jackson's Rules of Optimization: Rule 1. Don't do it. Rule 2 (for experts only). Don't do it yet - that is, not until you have a perfectly clear and unoptimized solution. " - Michael A. Jackson
"Ultimately, you must forget about technique. The further you progress, the fewer teachings there are. The Great Path is really NO PATH." –Ue
"It's a choice whether you use your skills to make complicated logic work or to make complicated logic simple" – @KentBeck
"The value of documentation decreases exponentially with size." -@smalltalk80
"An Agile process in the absence of agility is like wings on a penguin, you can flap but not fly." -Venkat Subramaniam
"When you feel the need to write a comment, first try to refactor the code so that any comment becomes superflouus." - Martin Fowler
"If you don't have time to do it right, do you have time to do it over?"- John Wooden
"Knowing is not enough, you must apply; willing is not enough, you must do." -Bruce Lee
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - George Bernard Shaw
"Don't feel bad if you’re unhappy with the status quo; feel motivated to change it." -@Leadershipfreak
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time." - @BarackObama
"A group of people is not a team and a group of projects is not a portfolio." - @mattbarcomb
"The time is always right to do what is right." -Martin Luther King, Jr
"Agile is very simple. Simpler than we think it is. Agile is very complex. More complex than we think it is. All at the same time, too" –Ron Jeffries
"Give us tasks defined in terms of the results you want, not in terms of the methods of achieving those results." - @JerryWeinberg
"If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough." — Mario Andretti
"Agile doesn’t prevent us from making mistakes, it gives us a way to reduce the cost of those mistakes." – @LlewellynFalco paraphrased
""Disengaged people" do not exist. Environments where people become disengaged do. Leaders control the environment." -@ldavidmarquet
"Without great people, even great ideas are useless." -@simonsinek
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Wer als Entwickler Kontrolle über innere Qualität abgibt (z.B. an Chef oder Kunde), behält trotzdem die Verantwortung!" - Jens Geyer
"Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one." - Bill Gates
"FOOLS confuse motion with progress. A rocking chair is moving but it ain't going anywhere! – Mr. T
"Eine umgesetzte 80% Lösung ist besser als eine nicht-umgesetzte 100% Lösung" –Unbekannt
"Always delete the stuff you don't need anymore! - Karsten Bruckmann
"All models are wrong; some models are useful. " George E. P. Box
"When the final design seems too simple for the amount of work you've put in, then you know you're done." - Brady Clark
"The past is a good place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there." – Unknown
"It's better to be predictable than precise." -@PaulKGoddard
"The hardest single part of building a software system is deciding precisely what to build." - Frederick P. Brooks
"Expensive is when perceived value is too low relative to cost. Be brave focus on increasing value instead of defaulting to reducing cost." - Torbjörn Gyllebring
"Changing the organisation is risky, not changing the organisation can be fatal." - @LeanVoices
"If debugging is the process of removing bugs. Then programming must be the process of putting them in." - Edsger Dijkstra
"When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves." - Lao Tzu
"I'm pretty sure agile is just a term for ‚trust your employees’" -@StuartKentNZ
"You can't have unit tests if you don't have units" -@CompSciFact
"Life is the art of drawing without an eraser." - John W. Gardner
"Code is the best documentation of how a system is implemented, but it fails to document why the system was implemented that way -@greblhad
"Simplicity before generality, use before reuse." - Kevlin Henney
"Every large system that works started as a small system that worked. " - Anonymous - You can't design and build a big system and expect it to work. You have to grow it from a smaller version that works.
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."-Winston Churchill
"Vertrauen ist das Gefühl, einem Menschen sogar dann glauben zu können, wenn man weiß, dass man an seiner Stelle lügen würde." -Henry Louis Mencken
"A great leader communicates the "why," collaborates the "what" and delegates the "how." - @KnowledgeBishop
"Give a man a program, he'll be mad for an evening. Teach a man to program and he'll be mad for the rest of his life." -@McMillanSean
"Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case." - Francis Glassborow
"Is everything in your organization  forbidden unless permitted, or is it permitted unless forbidden?" - Michael C. Hogan
"Der Wechsel allein ist das Beständige." – Arthur Schopenhauer
"You never change things by fighting existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete." - Bucky
"You can't look at the gain of your solution without looking at the pain of your solution"- @henrikkniberg
"Without a vision, the urgent always wins over the strategic." - @mikewcohn
"Der Langsamste, der sein Ziel nicht aus den Augen verliert, geht noch immer geschwinder, als jener, der ohne Ziel umherirrt." - Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
"Der Optimist sieht in jedem Problem eine Aufgabe. Der Pessimist sieht in jeder Aufgabe ein Problem." –Unbekannt
"Besides a mathematical inclination, an exceptionally good mastery of one's native tongue is the most vital asset of a competent programmer." - Edsger Dijkstra
"Over time, every way of thinking generates important problems that it cannot solve." - Ackoff
"It doesn't matter how many projects you start. It matters how many projects you finish." – via Twitter
"Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." - Samuel Johnson
"Erfolg ist kontinuierliches Unterwegs sein auf einem dir würdigen Weg." - Stefan Frädrich
"Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law. – Douglas Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid
"You can do the right thing the wrong way, but there is no right way to do the wrong thing. -@larrywinget
"Knowledge is a treasure but practice is the key" pic.twitter.com/w6Q8Yg2DJD - Ikujiro Nonaka
"There is never enough time to do what you don't really want to be doing." –@gtdguy
"Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again. " - F. P. Jones
"Simple things should be simple, complex things should be possible." - @WardCunningham
"Re-bugging: The act of re-breaking software after a fix because important clients depended on the brokenness." -@zspencer
"Technical Debt is NOT the result of poor programming – it is the cost of not refactoring as you learn more about a solution." -@joshuajames
"The first step to solving any hard problem is making sure you actually need to solve it." -@benrady
"You always start where you are, because you can't start anywhere else." – @OlafLewitz
"Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay then it's not the end." –Unknown
"Don't comment by default. Make code clean by default. Comment only when you fail to make it clean enough." –via Twitter
"It’s our thinking, not other people’s behaviour, that makes us angry." - Marshall Rosenberg
"Project Management is dead." – Niels Pflaeging
"The fastest algorithm can frequently be replaced by one that is almost as fast and much easier to understand." - D. Jones
"Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back - it simply means you're 2 steps ahead." -@MsShaunRobinson
"Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." -Bill Gates
"I'm always surprised how long people are willing to work on a solution without even understanding the problem." - @stdout
"When managers don't understand the work, they tend to reward the appearance of work. (long hours, piles of paper, ...) -@JerryWeinberg
"Writing the first 90 percent of a computer program takes 90 percent of the time. The remaining ten percent also takes 90 percent of the time and the final touches also take 90 percent of the time. - N.J. Rubenking
"There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses." -Bjarne Stroustrup
"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." -Martin Fowler
"You can’t fix Management 1.0 problems by using Management 1.0 behaviour." -Unknown
"People tend to overestimate driving forces in the short-term and underestimate their long-term impacts." -M. O'Hara-Deveraux
"Some people are trying to control the waves instead of learning how to surf." –Alex Fürstenau
"You don't need to convince the customer (or your manager) that code quality is important.  You just need to convince yourself." – @unclebobmartin
"Agile process in the absence of agility is like wings on a penguin, you can flap but not fly." -Venkat Subramaniam via Twitter
"Wenn Du Großes erreichen willst dann musst du aufhören um Erlaubnis zu fragen!" -Thomas Mangold
"Oft sagt ein Feedback mehr über den, der es gibt, als über den, der es bekommt." -Peter Becker
"Planning is priceless but plans are useless" --Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Perfektion ist nicht dann erreicht, wenn es nichts mehr hinzu zu fügen gibt, sondern wenn man nichts mehr weglassen kann." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"The people to fear are not those who disagree with you, but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know" – Napoleon via Twitter
"Devs who are too posh to work with maintenance are rarely posh enough to create software that is actually maintainable." - @cykelkatalogen
"In knowledge work leaders emerge and disappear on demand depending on context. It's a dance, not a formation." -@SamiHonkonen
"Make It Work, Make It Right, Make It Fast!" –@KentBeck
"People are not lazy, they simply have impotent goals. That is goals that do not inspire them." -Tony Robbins
"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong." -H. L. Mencken
"There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies." - C.A.R. Hoare
"A healthy culture can help to fix broken processes!" -@henrikkniberg
"If you are asking me to help you become Agile know that what you are really asking me to do is change your culture. Be ready!" -Jeff Morgan (@chzy)
"Learn from your mistakes but don't let them define you." -Psychology Today (@PsychToday)
"I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones." -John Cage
"Quality debt is like a Tetris game gone bad. Start out sloppy, and end up never being able to clean things up." -Unknown
"If failing hurts, you failed to late" -@YvesHanoulle
"When someone finds something confusing, you don't get to decide that it's not confusing. "Confusing" is a relationship, not an attribute." –Michael Bolton
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." -Winston Churchill
"There is nothing more unproductive than to build something efficiently that should not have been built at all." - Milt Bryce
"Programmers are responsible for software quality - quality in their own work, quality in the products that incorporate their work, and quality at the interfaces between components. Quality has never been and will never be tested in. The responsibility is both moral and professional. " - Boris Beizer
"quit trying to avoid failure. break it and fix it. mess it up and clean it up. if the gaps are short enough, it looks like unbroken success. –Kent Beck
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Abelson and Sussman
"Estimate is not a commitment and a commitment is not a guarantee. We estimate Stories, commit to the Goal and guarantee we'll do our best" – @nigelebaker
"Wähle einen Beruf den du liebst und du brauchst keinen Tag in deinem Leben zu arbeiten" –@borisgloger
"Agile process in the absence of agility is like wings on a penguin, you can flap but not fly." -Venkat Subramaniam
"Trust is an outcome of a change in behaviour, not a prerequisite." -@flowchainsensei
"Great teams are grown, not hired" - Pat Kua
"Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do."-Donald Knuth
"When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty. I think only of how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong." - R Buckminster Fuller
"...if you're afraid to change something it is clearly poorly designed." - Martin Fowler
"If you can't say No to a request without fear of negative consequences, it's not really a request, but a demand wrapped in politeness." -@estherderby
"Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." - Ralph Johnson
"Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen." - Edward V. Berard
"Agile software development works best when you have two story sizes. Small and too large." -@chzy
"There is little point in paying attention to prioritization when there is no predictability in delivery" -@djaa_dja
"Cleaning code does NOT take time.  NOT cleaning code does take time." –@unclebobmartin
" If Us and Them meet and collaborate every day, Us and Them gradually turns into just Us." – Henrik Kniberg
"There are two things people are sure to hate; Change, and the way things are." - @billwil
"Programming is the art of knowing when to use google, when to ask for help, and when to go for a walk around the block." -dennis collective (@dnscollective)
"I'd rather have a team work in a non-agile manner they chose themselves than have my favorite agile practices imposed upon them." –Fowler
"Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it with use." - Ruth Gordon
"When you shove a person into a job, some of the person gets lost. When you adapt a job to a person, you get all the best bits." -Paul Klipp (@paulklipp)
"Anybody can point out what's wrong. It takes commitment to do something about it." -Maritza vd Heuvel (@maritzavdh)
"Sometimes I forget that I don't need permission to do my job correctly." – Unknown
"I can’t choose whether someone is offended by my actions. I can choose whether I care." - Martin Fowler
"You're not Agile when you follow Agile best practices, as documented by others, provided with a plan, and negotiated through a contract." – via Pragmatic Andy
"When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate. And when life is bitter, say thank you and grow. –Unknown
"I am no longer accepting the things I cannot change. I am changing the things I cannot accept." – Anonymous
"A team is not a group of people that work together. A team is a group of people that trust each other." - @simonsinek
"When everyone is responsible, no one is responsible but when only one person is responsible, everyone else is not responsible!" -Niels Verdonk
"Too many organizations are trying to control the waves instead of learning how to surf" – MarryPoppendieck
"You can't delegate leadership. Delegation is for management. But you can share leadership, driven by shared visions and empowerment." - @michael_leber
"To say I’m comfortable with uncertainty would be an egregious falsehood. My lizard brain screams and screams." -Bob Marshall (@flowchainsensei)
"Slow down. We don't have enough time to hurry." - JoshuaFieldsMillburn (@JFM)
"The job of management is not to select the best ideas; it is to create a system that allows for the best ideas to emerge." -@jurgenappelo
"Scaling is only difficult when you grow your organization like a tower instead of a city." -@jurgenappelo
"Treating employees like adult human beings might be common sense, but it is not common practice." -@jurgenappelo
"Trust is like money. It can take years to earn it an it takes only minutes to lose it." -@jurgenappelo
"Before you try to measure someone elses's performance, please explain how you mesure your own." -@jurgenappelo
"You can tweak salaries until your fingers turn blue, but no compensation plan compensates for the lack of meaningful work." -@jurgenappelo
"An organization passes the T-shirt Test when employees proudly wear a t-shirt with the company logo." -@jurgenappelo
"If the purpose of a business is growth then, from a biological perspective, we could call it a tumor." -@jurgenappelo
"Personal coaching is not the manager's primary task. Manage the system, not the people." -@jurgenappelo
"An adaptable organization responds to changes, while a transformational organization thrives on them." -@jurgenappelo
"We should celebrate success and learning, not successes or failure." -@jurgenappelo
"If your best experiences in life are all vacations, then maybe you shouldn't return to work tomorrow." -@jurgenappelo
"Incentives ensure that people stop doing things just for the joy of the work." -@jurgenappelo
"You won't have a first mover advantage for long if somebody else has the fast learner advantage." -@jurgenappelo
"Stories aren't a way to describe better requirements, but a way to organize and have better conversations." -@jeffpatton
"A good ScrumMaster grasps the responsibilities of the role. A great ScrumMaster grasps the skills and mindset of the role." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will be indispensable to a team. A great ScrumMaster will become both dispensable and wanted." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster helps a Scrum team survive in an organisation's culture. A great ScrumMaster helps change the culture so Scrum teams can thrive." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will hold team members to account if needed. A great ScrumMaster will hold the team to account for not holding their teammates to account." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster is wary of influencing the team. A great ScrumMaster can act normally and know the team will still make their own decisions." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will ensure the team have access to a product owner. A great ScrumMaster will ensure the team have access to the product owner." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster helps the team develop and grow. A great ScrumMaster helps the team develop their own growth pathway." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster removes disruptive influences from the daily scrum so it is used for the team's benefit. A great ScrumMaster will create an environment where others can attend and not affect the behaviour of the team." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will help a team change their sprint length to find their optimum. A great ScrumMaster hs faith in self-organisation and knows the value of rythm." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will say what needs to be said. A great ScrumMaster knows the power of silence." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster helps the team identify improvements. A great ScrumMaster inspires the team to be adaptive." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster holds a balanced retrospective. A great ScrumMaster holds a focussed retrospective." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster encourages teams to share skills. A great ScrumMaster encourages teams to share responsibilities." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster helps a team meet their definition of done at the end of the sprint. A great ScrumMaster helps a team extend their definition of done." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster facilitates the sprint review to look back and review the product built in the previous sprint. A great ScrumMaster facilitates the sprint review to look forward and shape the product in future sprints." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster notices areas for improvement in the team. A great ScrumMaster recognises and highlights stenghts for the team to build on." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster facilitates cooperation between people. A great ScrumMaster facilitates collaboration." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster helps teams use "yes, but" effectively. A great ScrumMaster helps teams find more space for "yes, and." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will push for permission to remove impediments to team productivity. A great ScrumMaster will be prepared to ask for forgiveness." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster protects the team from distractions. A great ScrumMaster finds the root cause of those distractions and eliminates them." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will help maintain team harmony. A great ScrumMaster will guide a team through disharmony to reach a new level of teamwork." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will use Scrum to help bring out the best in everyone. A great ScrumMaster will use Scrum to create a "new best" for everyone." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster asks to understand. A great ScrumMaster asks so the team can understand." -@geoffcwatts
"A good ScrumMaster will listen carefully to what is said. A great ScrumMaster will also listen carefully to what is not said." -@geoffcwatts
"Remember: at the end of the day, your job isn't to get the requirements right - your job is to change the world." -@jeffpatton
"Stories get their names from how they should be used, not what should be written." -@jeffpatton
"Example is not the main thing in influencing others, it is the only thing." -Albert Schweitzer
"We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are." - Anais Nin
"If the programmers like each other, they play a game called "pair programming". And if not, then the game is called "peer review"." -@ashalynd
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be." - Douglas Adams
"The quest for certainty blocks the search for meaning." ―Erich Fromm
"I'm an unbranded agilist. I'll take a good idea wherever I can find it."-@mikewcohn
"Action expresses priorities" -Mahatma Gandhi
"Der Wunsch ist ein Wille, der sich selbst nicht so ernst nimmt." -Robert Musil
"How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours." - Wayne Dyer
"Any fool can criticise, complain, condemn, and most fools do." - Anonymous
“It's a heisenrequirement. We know exactly what it is until we ask for details.” @channingwalton
"The pessimist complains about the wind;the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails" - William Arthur Ward
"There is only one thing everybody MUST do and that is dying. Everything else are options with costs." - Alex Fürstenau
"Your life, your one and only life, is a gift. Now go make it count." - @stumclaren
"We are products of our past, but we don’t have to be prisoners of it." -@CoachWim
"From chaos to bureaucracy is equivalent to from "not done" to "not started"" - @bettazzoni
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself." - Wayne Dyer
"You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King, Jr
"Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it." - Ernest Holmes
"Our architecture does not include servers for the same reason it does not include electricity" @bestfriendchris
"Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work." - Peter Drucker
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"My goal is to build a life I don't need a vacation from!" - Rob Hill Sr
"Doubt can only be removed by action." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Everything can be revised, erased, or rearranged later. The courage of creation is making bad beginnings." - Kevin Ashton
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." - George S. Patton
"Deleted code is debugged code." - Jeff Sickel
“A common fallacy is to assume authors of incomprehensible code will be able to express themselves clearly in comments.” - Kevlin Henney
"Lower your expectations - Increase your standards" - Unknown
"For the robust, an error is information. For the fragile, an error is just a mistake." - Unknown
"Chaos isn't the problem; how long it takes to find coherence is the real game." - Doc Childre and Bruce Crier
"No code is faster than no code." - Merb Motto
"Bind a solution to a problem as late as possible." @ashmaurya
"To doubt everything and to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; each saves us from thinking." - Henri Poincaré
"Stay away from negative people. They have a problem for every solution." - Albert Einstein
"Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing." - Harriet Braiker
"90% of the bugs I produced were for one of the two reasons: 1. Doing multiple things at one place 2. Doing one thing at multiple places" - @pseudo_coder
“When you’re working in somebody else’s module, though, you’d better use his or her conventions. It’s part of learning to work with others.” - Ray Ozzie
“If you like doing something, do it regularly; if you don’t like doing something, make a habit of doing something different.” - Epictetus
"Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare." - Japanese Proverb
"Patience: procastinate till the last responsible moment." - @YvesHanoulle
"It turns out that style matters in programming for the same reason that it matters in writing. It makes for better reading." - Douglas Crockford
"Never organize what you can discard." -@joshua_becker
“It is easier to act yourself into a new way of thinking, than it is to think yourself into a new way of acting.” — Millard Fuller
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." - John Johnson